>> Scott Moss: So for a createOne,
this one creates a new document.
Okay, so, and it says the createdBy
should be the authenticated user.
So it's gonna create a new document.
And the createdBy filled on that document
should be the authenticated user.
So you have to keep that in mind.
So what I'll do, is I'll say,
doc = await model.create,
because remember, that's how we create
what current model is, that create method.
And then, we pass in the body, or
whatever is being posted to our server,
cuz the create one's gonna
be used on a post request.
And we know on a post request, we're gonna
be getting information on some type of
rec.body, which is what we
did earlier on the day.
So if I say I wanna create based
on whatever the rec.body is,
that's halfway there.
Because whatever's being
sent up to the server,
that's definitely what we wanna create.
But, we also wanna use
the authenticated user's created by,
which is not going to be on this payload.
So instead, what we'll do, is we'll just
do an object spread here right quick.
And we'll say req.body.
And then, we need to add createdBy,
which is gonna be req.user._id,
which is what it's been for the last two.
So that's gonna create
an object with the body.
And then, override the createdBy field to
be whatever the authenticated user is.
>> Scott Moss: So we'll do that.
And then,
we'll say rest.status200.jason doc.
>> Scott Moss: Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Once you return your data,
your structure again?
>> Scott Moss: Yes.
Yes, I will, thank you.
I just technically posted a question
a bit 201, but 200 is good.
So now, if I run this test, maybe,
my test is asking for a 201, let's see.
>> Speaker 3: I'm unfamiliar
with that dot dot dot.
>> Scott Moss: Dot dot dot?
So that's an object spread.
That's basically the same as merging
an object or extending an object.
That's the same as if I had an object, and
I said, if I had a function called extend,
that extended that this object,
with this objects, with this object.
It's the same thing, wherever the furthest
to the right gets priority over the left.
So whatsoever on the right,
is gonna overwrite any fields on
the left and return a new object.
So it's just a shortcut for extend.
It's called object spread.
But yeah, that's basically it.
It doesn't go over cursively.
So it's not an emerge,
like if you had nested fields,
it won't smartly merge those,
it'll just override the whole object,
so you still need to merge for that.
But for a flat copy, yeah, dot dot dot.
Pretty cool, okay, so let's scroll up.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, so,
it looks like this one, like I said,
it's expecting a 201 and not a 200,
and yeah, so we'll do that.
Let's say 201 for a post request.
Cool, so if we scroll up,
we can see that those passed.